Update troubleshooting-api-connectors-using-error-messages.md by adding unsupported licenses issue of Zendesk. (#474)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/troubleshooting-api-connectors-using-error-messages.md

> |Get events: {"code":403,"serverResponse"<br />Get users: {"code":403,"serverResponse"<br />…<br />"body":"{"error":"permission denied"}"|Workday|Insufficient permission to access audit logs and/or user endpoints|Verify all permissions are in place. [Learn more](connect-workday-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security.md#prerequisites)|
> |"code":400,"serverResponse"<br />…<br />body":"{"error":"invalid_grant"}|Workday|Authentication issue|Account used to set up the instance may be locked or disabled. To verify, view the Workday account and select **View Sign-on History**. You may see an authentication failure message in the report specifying that the System Account is disabled. [Learn more](connect-workday-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security.md#how-to-connect-workday-to-cloud-app-security-using-oauth)|
> |"code":401,"serverResponse":<br />…<br />body":"{"error":"invalid_client"}"|Workday|Client token validity issue|OAuth 2.0 REST API Client token not valid. The token may have expired, or may be incorrect. Generate another token and assign it to the connected instance. [Learn more](connect-workday-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security.md#how-to-connect-workday-to-cloud-app-security-using-oauth)|

> > |Get user: Success Get events: Request failed with status code 403|Zendesk|The Zendesk user that is configuring the integration is no longer a Zendesk admin, or your Zendesk license is unsupported.|Upgrade the Zendesk user who configured the connector to admin (from Zendesk admin portal), or see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cloud-app-security/connect-zendesk-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security#prerequisites) that your Zendesk license is supported.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> |Get user: Success Get events: Request failed with status code 403|Zendesk|The Zendesk user that is configuring the integration is no longer a Zendesk admin, or your Zendesk license is unsupported.|Upgrade the Zendesk user who configured the connector to admin (from Zendesk admin portal), or check [here](connect-zendesk-to-microsoft-cloud-app-security.md#prerequisites) to see if your Zendesk license is supported.|
```
